I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge.
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
A youth, when at home, should be filial and, abroad, respectful to his elders. He should be earnest and truthful. He should overflow in love to all and cultivate the friendship of the good. When he has time and opportunity, after the performance of these things, he should employ them in polite studies.
Always keep your mind as bright and clear as the vast sky, the great ocean, and the highest peak, empty of all thoughts. Always keep your body filled with light and heat. Fill yourself with the power of wisdom and enlightenment.
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
Every day is a new opportunity. You can build on yesterday's success or put its failures behind and start over again. That's the way life is, with a new game every day, and that's the way baseball is.
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you.
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
I won't close down a business of subnormal profitability merely to add a fraction of a point to our corporate returns. I also feel it inappropriate for even an exceptionally profitable company to fund an operation once it appears to have unending losses in prospect. Adam Smith would disagree with my first proposition and Karl Marx would disagree with my second; the middle ground is the only position that leaves me comfortable.
Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works.
You should ignore that person’s impure behavior by way of speech and body, and focus on the fact that they get an openness and clarity of heart from time to time. That’s how to get rid of resentment for that person.
Be Impeccable with Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
I am not the first Buddha who came upon Earth, nor shall I be the last. In due time, another Buddha will arise in the world - a Holy One, a supremely enlightened One, endowed with wisdom in conduct, auspicious, knowing the universe, an incomparable leader of men, a master of angels and mortals.
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god.
As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer.
Beginning today, treat everyone you meet as if they were going to be dead by midnight. Extend to them all the care, kindness and understanding you can muster, and do it with no thought of any reward. Your life will never be the same again.
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure.
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions.
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah.
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty, and Truth. The trite subjects of human efforts, possessions, outward success, luxury have always seemed to me contemptible.
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when.
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I have received and am still receiving.
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
I think people who are creative are the luckiest people on earth. I know that there are no shortcuts, but you must keep your faith in something Greater than you and keep doing what you love. Do what you love, and you will find the way to get it out to the world.
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time.
America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.
If we are not given the chance to forget, we are also not given the chance to recover our memories, to alter them with time, perspective, and wisdom. Forgetting, we can be ourselves beyond what the past has told us we are; we can evolve. That is the possibility we want from the future.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
Serious sport has nothing to do with fair play. It is bound up with hatred, jealousy, boastfulness, disregard of all rules and sadistic pleasure in witnessing violence. In other words, it is war minus the shooting.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort.
Faith, as well intentioned as it may be, must be built on facts, not fiction--faith in fiction is a damnable false hope.
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
The doctor of the future will give no medicine, but will interest her or his patients in the care of the human frame, in a proper diet, and in the cause and prevention of disease.
If I find 10,000 ways something won't work, I haven't failed. I am not discouraged, because every wrong attempt discarded is another step forward.
I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones.
The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully, have been Kindness, Beauty, and Truth. The trite subjects of human efforts, possessions, outward success, luxury have always seemed to me contemptible.
Gravitation cannot be held responsible for people falling in love. How on earth can you explain in terms of chemistry and physics so important a biological phenomenon as first love? Put your hand on a stove for a minute and it seems like an hour. Sit with that special girl for an hour and it seems like a minute. That's relativity.
Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment. Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions.
My religion consists of a humble admiration of the illimitable superior spirit who reveals himself in the slight details we are able to perceive with our frail and feeble mind.
Laws alone can not secure freedom of expression; in order that every man present his views without penalty there must be spirit of tolerance in the entire population.
Every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life are based on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I have received and am still receiving.
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking.
Ethical axioms are found and tested not very differently from the axioms of science. Truth is what stands the test of experience.
I won't close down a business of subnormal profitability merely to add a fraction of a point to our corporate returns. I also feel it inappropriate for even an exceptionally profitable company to fund an operation once it appears to have unending losses in prospect. Adam Smith would disagree with my first proposition and Karl Marx would disagree with my second; the middle ground is the only position that leaves me comfortable.
Most people get interested in stocks when everyone else is. The time to get interested is when no one else is. You can't buy what is popular and do well.
'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill.
Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing.
Should a seeker not find a companion who is better or equal, let them resolutely pursue a solitary course.
'All conditioned things are impermanent' — when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering.
Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame.
Speak only endearing speech, speech that is welcomed. Speech, when it brings no evil to others, is a pleasant thing.
'All conditioned things are impermanent' — when one sees this with wisdom, one turns away from suffering.
Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things.
As a water bead on a lotus leaf, as water on a red lily, does not adhere, so the sage does not adhere to the seen, the heard, or the sensed.
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world — above, below, and across — unhindered, without ill will, without enmity.
When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself.
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet.
A mind unruffled by the vagaries of fortune, from sorrow freed, from defilements cleansed, from fear liberated — this is the greatest blessing.
If a man going down into a river, swollen and swiftly flowing, is carried away by the current — how can he help others across? – The Buddha
'As I am, so are they; as they are, so am I.' Comparing others with oneself, do not kill nor cause others to kill.
They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed.
One should train in deeds of merit—generosity, a balanced life, developing a loving mind—that yield long-lasting happiness.
Just as a mother would protect her only child with her life, even so let one cultivate a boundless love towards all beings.
Hatred is never appeased by hatred in this world. By non-hatred alone is hatred appeased. This is a law eternal.
The world is afflicted by death and decay. But the wise do not grieve, having realized the nature of the world.
Let none find fault with others; let none see the omissions and commissions of others. But let one see one's own acts, done and undone.
Should someone do good, let them do it again and again. They should develop this habit, for the accumulation of goodness brings joy.
Irrigators channel waters; fletchers straighten arrows; carpenters bend wood; the wise master themselves.
The thing that is disliked by me is also disliked by others. Since I dislike this thing, how can I inflict it on someone else?
Better it is to live one day seeing the rise and fall of things than to live a hundred years without ever seeing the rise and fall of things.
If a man going down into a river, swollen and swiftly flowing, is carried away by the current — how can he help others across? – The Buddha
As an elephant in the battlefield withstands arrows shot from bows all around, even so shall I endure abuse.
'As I am, so are these. As are these, so am I.' Drawing the parallel to yourself, neither kill nor get others to kill.
To support mother and father, to cherish partner and children, and to be engaged in peaceful occupation — this is the greatest blessing.
When watching after yourself, you watch after others. When watching after others, you watch after yourself.
We will develop and cultivate the liberation of mind by lovingkindness, make it our vehicle, make it our basis, stabilize it, exercise ourselves in it, and fully perfect it.
Know from the rivers in clefts and in crevices: those in small channels flow noisily, the great flow silent. Whatever's not full makes noise. Whatever is full is quiet.
They blame those who remain silent, they blame those who speak much, they blame those who speak in moderation. There is none in the world who is not blamed.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
An organization, no matter how well designed, is only as good as the people who live and work in it.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
In the business world, everyone is paid in two coins: cash and experience. Take the experience first; the cash will come later.
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem.
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be.
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime.
If you're trying to create a company, it's like baking a cake. You have to have all the ingredients in the right proportion.
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.
An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today.
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer.
To me, it doesn't matter how good you are. Sport is all about playing and competing. Whatever you do in cricket and in sport, enjoy it, be positive and try to win.
Gold medals aren't really made of gold. They're made of sweat, determination, and a hard-to-find alloy called guts.
When I was 40, my doctor advised me that a man in his 40s shouldn't play tennis. I heeded his advice carefully and could hardly wait until I reached 50 to start again.
Tennis is a perfect combination of violent action taking place in an atmosphere of total tranquillity.
I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match.
One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.
You spend a good piece of your life gripping a baseball and in the end it turns out that it was the other way around all the time.
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring.
An organization's ability to learn, and translate that learning into action rapidly, is the ultimate competitive advantage.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
Don't worry about people stealing your ideas. If your ideas are any good, you'll have to ram them down people's throats.
Where there is a will, there is a way. If there is a chance in a million that you can do something, anything, to keep what you want from ending, do it. Pry the door open or, if need be, wedge your foot in that door and keep it open.
I don't believe you have to be better than everybody else. I believe you have to be better than you ever thought you could be.
Golf is a game in which one endeavors to control a ball with implements ill adapted for the purpose.
My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging.
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well.
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
All the great things are simple, and many can be expressed in a single word: freedom, justice, honor, duty, mercy, hope.
Now this is not the end. It is not even the beginning of the end. But it is, perhaps, the end of the beginning.
Sir, my concern is not whether God is on our side; my greatest concern is to be on God's side, for God is always right.
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is.
I have realized that the past and future are real illusions, that they exist in the present, which is what there is and all there is.
Technology is destructive only in the hands of people who do not realize that they are one and the same process as the universe.
I am a firm believer in the people. If given the truth, they can be depended upon to meet any national crisis. The great point is to bring them the real facts.
The inherent vice of capitalism is the unequal sharing of blessings; the inherent virtue of socialism is the equal sharing of miseries.
The philosophy of the school room in one generation will be the philosophy of government in the next.
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities... because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you cannot fool all the people all the time.
We the people are the rightful masters of both Congress and the courts, not to overthrow the Constitution but to overthrow the men who pervert the Constitution.
So then, the relationship of self to other is the complete realization that loving yourself is impossible without loving everything defined as other than yourself.
I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live by the light that I have. I must stand with anybody that stands right, and stand with him while he is right, and part with him when he goes wrong.
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god.
To have faith is to trust yourself to the water. When you swim you don't grab hold of the water, because if you do you will sink and drown. Instead you relax, and float.
How many legs does a dog have if you call his tail a leg? Four. Saying that a tail is a leg doesn't make it a leg.
How is it possible that a being with such sensitive jewels as the eyes, such enchanted musical instruments as the ears, and such fabulous arabesque of nerves as the brain can experience itself anything less than a god.
No work or love will flourish out of guilt, fear, or hollowness of heart, just as no valid plans for the future can be made by those who have no capacity for living now.
You and I are all as much continuous with the physical universe as a wave is continuous with the ocean.
In times of change, learners inherit the earth, while the learned find themselves beautifully equipped to deal with a world that no longer exists.
If you're changing the world, you're working on important things. You're excited to get up in the morning.
The one thing that you have that nobody else has is you. Your voice, your mind, your story, your vision. So write and draw and build and play and dance and live as only you can.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
There is some self-interest behind every friendship. There is no friendship without self-interests. This is a bitter truth.
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success.
Some people thrive on huge, dramatic change. Some people prefer the slow and steady route. Do what's right for you.
Life is the only real counselor; wisdom unfiltered through personal experience does not become a part of the moral tissue.
Until you value yourself, you won't value your time. Until you value your time, you won't do anything with it.
Wisdom ceases to be wisdom when it becomes too proud to weep, too grave to laugh, and too selfish to seek other than itself.
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed people can change the world. Indeed. It is the only thing that ever has.
Of all the things which wisdom provides to make us entirely happy, much the greatest is the possession of friendship.
When an opponent comes forward, move in and greet him; if he wants to pull back, send him on his way.
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good.
A little more persistence, a little more effort, and what seemed hopeless failure may turn to glorious success.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
If you look into your own heart, and you find nothing wrong there, what is there to worry about? What is there to fear?
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.
Drop by drop is the water pot filled. Likewise, the wise man, gathering it little by little, fills himself with good.
We all grow up. Hopefully, we get wiser. Age brings wisdom, and fatherhood changes one's life completely.
If you have the guts to keep making mistakes, your wisdom and intelligence leap forward with huge momentum.
We live in a society bloated with data yet starved for wisdom. We're connected 24/7, yet anxiety, fear, depression and loneliness are at an all-time high. We must course-correct.
That's the risk you take if you change: that people you've been involved with won't like the new you. But other people who do will come along.
The trouble with most people is that they think with their hopes or fears or wishes rather than with their minds.
Happiness is not in the mere possession of money; it lies in the joy of achievement, in the thrill of creative effort.
With the realization of one's own potential and self-confidence in one's ability, one can build a better world.
He who is taught to live upon little owes more to his father's wisdom than he who has a great deal left him does to his father's care.
I'm selfish, impatient and a little insecure. I make mistakes, I am out of control and at times hard to handle. But if you can't handle me at my worst, then you sure as hell don't deserve me at my best.
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
We respect our elders. There is wisdom that comes from experience, and I am not going to stop learning from wise counsel.
A tree is known by its fruit; a man by his deeds. A good deed is never lost; he who sows courtesy reaps friendship, and he who plants kindness gathers love.
Friendship is one of our most treasured relationships, but it isn't codified and celebrated; it's never going to give you a party.
A true friend is the greatest of all blessings, and that which we take the least care of all to acquire.
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
There is a magnet in your heart that will attract true friends. That magnet is unselfishness, thinking of others first; when you learn to live for others, they will live for you.
We are either progressing or retrograding all the while. There is no such thing as remaining stationary in this life.
In complete darkness we are all the same, it is only our knowledge and wisdom that separates us, don't let your eyes deceive you.
I care not so much what I am to others as what I am to myself. I will be rich by myself, and not by borrowing.
When you see a good person, think of becoming like him. When you see someone not so good, reflect on your own weak points.
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes... and the choices we make are ultimately our responsibility.
The friend who can be silent with us in a moment of despair or confusion, who can stay with us in an hour of grief and bereavement, who can tolerate not knowing... not healing, not curing... that is a friend who cares.
Use what talents you possess; the woods would be very silent if no birds sang there except those that sang best.
If one advances confidently in the direction of his dream, and endeavors to live the life which he had imagines, he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours.
The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what a man or woman is able to do that counts.
The trick is in what one emphasizes. We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same.
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek.
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity.
If you're trying to achieve, there will be roadblocks. I've had them; everybody has had them. But obstacles don't have to stop you. If you run into a wall, don't turn around and give up. Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it.
You are a product of your environment. So choose the environment that will best develop you toward your objective. Analyze your life in terms of its environment. Are the things around you helping you toward success - or are they holding you back?
The man who makes everything that leads to happiness depends upon himself, and not upon other men, has adopted the very best plan for living happily. This is the man of moderation, the man of manly character and of wisdom.
What makes Superman a hero is not that he has power, but that he has the wisdom and the maturity to use the power wisely. From an acting point of view, that's how I approached the part.
True friendship is a plant of slow growth, and must undergo and withstand the shocks of adversity, before it is entitled to the appellation.
It is difficult to achieve a spirit of genuine cooperation as long as people remain indifferent to the feelings and happiness of others.
Remember always that you not only have the right to be an individual, you have an obligation to be one.
Prejudice is a burden that confuses the past, threatens the future and renders the present inaccessible.
It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong, than to be always right by having no ideas at all.
I would maintain that thanks are the highest form of thought, and that gratitude is happiness doubled by wonder.
There is no need for temples, no need for complicated philosophies. My brain and my heart are my temples; my philosophy is kindness.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my privilege to do for it whatever I can.
The right way is not always the popular and easy way. Standing for right when it is unpopular is a true test of moral character.
It is only the great hearted who can be true friends. The mean and cowardly, can never know what true friendship means.
The Universal Zulu Nation stands to acknowledge wisdom, understanding, freedom, justice, and equality, peace, unity, love, and having fun, work, overcoming the negative through the positive, science, mathematics, faith, facts, and the wonders of God, whether we call him Allah, Jehovah, Yahweh, or Jah.
America's freedom of religion, and freedom from religion, offers every wisdom tradition an opportunity to address our soul-deep needs: Christianity, Judaism, Islam, Buddhism, Hinduism, secular humanism, agnosticism and atheism among others.
I love wisdom. And you can never be great at anything unless you love it. Not be in love with it, but love the thing, admire the thing. And it seems that if you love the thing, and you don't just want to possess it, it will find you.
The really unhappy person is the one who leaves undone what they can do, and starts doing what they don't understand; no wonder they come to grief.
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.
If it turns out that there is a God, I don't think that he's evil. But the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.
A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable, but more useful than a life spent doing nothing.
Using the power of decision gives you the capacity to get past any excuse to change any and every part of your life in an instant.
In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
The greatest achievement of humanity is not its works of art, science, or technology, but the recognition of its own dysfunction.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
In the sky there are no tracks. Outside there is no recluse. There are no conditioned things that are eternal. There is no instability in the Buddhas.
There is nothing like returning to a place that remains unchanged to find the ways in which you yourself have altered.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
The spirit, the will to win, and the will to excel, are the things that endure. These qualities are so much more important than the events that occur.
First comes thought; then organization of that thought, into ideas and plans; then transformation of those plans into reality. The beginning, as you will observe, is in your imagination.
Good people are good because they've come to wisdom through failure. We get very little wisdom from success, you know.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
A true friend freely, advises justly, assists readily, adventures boldly, takes all patiently, defends courageously, and continues a friend unchangeably.
When you begin to touch your heart or let your heart be touched, you begin to discover that it's bottomless.
True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
The more sand that has escaped from the hourglass of our life, the clearer we should see through it.
Our lives are the only meaningful expression of what we believe and in Whom we believe. And the only real wealth, for any of us, lies in our faith.
Promises are the uniquely human way of ordering the future, making it predictable and reliable to the extent that this is humanly possible.
Iron rusts from disuse; water loses its purity from stagnation... even so does inaction sap the vigor of the mind.
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
To be aware of a single shortcoming in oneself is more useful than to be aware of a thousand in someone else.
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it.
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
If you set out to be liked, you would be prepared to compromise on anything at any time, and you would achieve nothing.
Be glad of life because it gives you the chance to love, to work, to play, and to look up at the stars.
Intuition is the very force or activity of the soul in its experience through whatever has been the experience of the soul itself.
The aim of life is self-development. To realize one's nature perfectly - that is what each of us is here for.
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues.
That old law about 'an eye for an eye' leaves everybody blind. The time is always right to do the right thing.
Great are they who see that spiritual is stronger than any material force, that thoughts rule the world.
The conditions of conquest are always easy. We have but to toil awhile, endure awhile, believe always, and never turn back.
By oneself is evil done; by oneself is one defiled. By oneself is evil left undone; by oneself is one made pure.
The fact is, with every friendship you make, and every bond of trust you establish, you are shaping the image of America projected to the rest of the world. That is so important. So when you study abroad, you're actually helping to make America stronger.
Much though he recites the sacred texts, but acts not accordingly, that heedless man is like a cowherd who only counts the cows of others
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend.
Perseverance is a great element of success. If you only knock long enough and loud enough at the gate, you are sure to wake up somebody.
No matter how carefully you plan your goals they will never be more than pipe dreams unless you pursue them with gusto.
Every person, all the events of your life are there because you have drawn them there. What you choose to do with them is up to you.
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun.
First we thought the PC was a calculator. Then we found out how to turn numbers into letters with ASCII — and we thought it was a typewriter. Then we discovered graphics, and we thought it was a television. With the World Wide Web, we've realized it's a brochure.
Where is the Life we have lost in living? Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge? Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?
I think that we have a great opportunity to impart our wisdom and our knowledge and our experience to this younger generation. It may be different times, but experience transcends time, and wisdom transcends time.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.
Let my skin and sinews and bones dry up, together with all the flesh and blood of my body! I welcome it! But I will not move from this spot until I have attained the supreme and final wisdom.
A leader is best when people barely know he exists, when his work is done, his aim fulfilled, they will say: we did it ourselves.
All fixed set patterns are incapable of adaptability or pliability. The truth is outside of all fixed patterns.
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.
To be able to give away riches is mandatory if you wish to possess them. This is the only way that you will be truly rich.
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove oneself a fool; the truest heroism is to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when it be obeyed.
The self is not something ready-made, but something in continuous formation through choice of action.
If a man does not make new acquaintances as he advances through life, he will soon find himself left alone. A man, sir, should keep his friendship in a constant repair.
All the world is a stage, And all the men and women merely players. They have their exits and entrances; Each man in his time plays many parts.
Success in business requires training and discipline and hard work. But if you're not frightened by these things, the opportunities are just as great today as they ever were.
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success.
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future.
Conflict is the gadfly of thought. It stirs us to observation and memory. It instigates to invention. It shocks us out of sheeplike passivity, and sets us at noting and contriving.
The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity. The fears are paper tigers. You can do anything you decide to do. You can act to change and control your life; and the procedure, the process is its own reward.
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words.
TV and the Internet are good because they keep stupid people from spending too much time out in public.
Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
You are never given a wish without also being given the power to make it come true. You may have to work for it, however.
Friendship with oneself is all important because without it one cannot be friends with anybody else in the world.
Life a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of the future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.
The dream was always running ahead of me. To catch up, to live for a moment in unison with it, that was the miracle.
The word philosophy sounds high-minded, but it simply means the love of wisdom. If you love something, you don't just read about it; you hug it, you mess with it, you play with it, you argue with it.
You should ignore that person’s impure behavior by way of speech and body, and focus on the fact that they get an openness and clarity of heart from time to time. That’s how to get rid of resentment for that person.
If you are bitter, you are like a dry leaf that you can just squash, and you can get blown away by the wind. There is much more wisdom in forgiveness.
Through meditation and by giving full attention to one thing at a time, we can learn to direct attention where we choose.
Consider that not only do negative thoughts and emotions destroy our experience of peace, but they also undermine our health.
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak.
Men in general judge more from appearances than from reality. All men have eyes, but few have the gift of penetration.
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don't need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
In romance, we feel the need to zoom in and expound on our partner's foibles in intimate detail; in friendship, we tend to do the opposite, avoiding confrontation through fear, lethargy or both.
In friendship as well as love, ignorance very often contributes more to our happiness than knowledge.
You do not become good by trying to be good, but by finding the goodness that is already within you.
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone, which can become a watered-down, occasional hope that you'll get to tomorrow. Intention without action is useless.
There is a difference between happiness and wisdom: he that thinks himself the happiest man is really so; but he that thinks himself the wisest is generally the greatest fool.
Friendships are the family we make - not the one we inherit. I've always been someone to whom friendship, elective affinities, is as important as family.
The final wisdom of life requires not the annulment of incongruity but the achievement of serenity within and above it.
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on man unless they act.
Treat people as if they were what they ought to be, and you help them to become what they are capable of being.
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
Be not afraid of greatness: some are born great, some achieve greatness, and some have greatness thrust upon them.
We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare us.
People are so constituted that everybody would rather undertake what they see others do, whether they have an aptitude for it or not.
I don't turn to greeting cards for wisdom and advice, but they are a fine reflection of the general drift of the culture.
Never say there is nothing beautiful in the world anymore. There is always something to make you wonder in the shape of a tree, the trembling of a leaf.
I, too, do not envision a doctrine of self the clinging to which there would not arise sorrow, lamentation, pain, grief, and despair.
Before you can inspire with emotion, you must be swamped with it yourself. Before you can move their tears, your own must flow. To convince them, you must yourself believe.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
If you break your neck, if you have nothing to eat, if your house is on fire, then you got a problem. Everything else is inconvenience.
What matters is the value we've created in our lives, the people we've made happy and how much we've grown as people.
If you talk to a man in a language he understands, that goes to his head. If you talk to him in his language, that goes to his heart.
Wisdom is the right use of knowledge. To know is not to be wise. Many men know a great deal and are all the greater fools for it. There is no fool so great a fool as a knowing fool. But to know how to use knowledge is to have wisdom.
To wear your heart on your sleeve isn't a very good plan; you should wear it inside, where it functions best.
Imagination disposes of everything; it creates beauty, justice, and happiness, which are everything in this world.
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.
If you seek truth, you will not seek victory by dishonorable means, and if you find truth you will become invincible.
I have learned that friendship isn't about who you've known the longest, it's about who came and never left your side.
Imagination allows us to escape the predictable. It enables us to reply to the common wisdom that we cannot soar by saying, 'Just watch!'
Being in humaneness is good. If we select other goodness and thus are far apart from humaneness, how can we be the wise?
Don’t sacrifice your own welfare for that of another, no matter how great. Realizing your own true welfare, be intent on just that.
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone.
Notice that the stiffest tree is most easily cracked, while the bamboo or willow survives by bending with the wind.
Don't be dismayed by good-byes. A farewell is necessary before you can meet again. And meeting again, after moments or lifetimes, is certain for those who are friends.
Learning is the beginning of wealth. Learning is the beginning of health. Learning is the beginning of spirituality. Searching and learning is where the miracle process all begins.
The possession of knowledge does not kill the sense of wonder and mystery. There is always more mystery.
The only way to tell the truth is to speak with kindness. Only the words of a loving man can be heard.
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather.
If you're walking down the right path and you're willing to keep walking, eventually you'll make progress.
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to do.
If you do not express your own original ideas, if you do not listen to your own being, you will have betrayed yourself.
Your friends will know you better in the first minute you meet than your acquaintances will know you in a thousand years.
Sometimes our fate resembles a fruit tree in winter. Who would think that those branches would turn green again and blossom, but we hope it, we know it.
The wise man does not lay up his own treasures. The more he gives to others, the more he has for his own.
Through pride we are ever deceiving ourselves. But deep down below the surface of the average conscience a still, small voice says to us, something is out of tune.
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step.
The greatest pleasure I know is to do a good action by stealth, and to have it found out by accident.
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.
Technology frightens me to death. It's designed by engineers to impress other engineers. And they always come with instruction booklets that are written by engineers for other engineers — which is why almost no technology ever works.
What sweetness is left in life, if you take away friendship? Robbing life of friendship is like robbing the world of the sun. A true friend is more to be esteemed than kinsfolk.
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For while knowledge defines all we currently know and understand, imagination points to all we might yet discover and create.
Even an animal, if you show genuine affection, gradually trust develops... If you always showing bad face and beating, how can you develop friendship?
Technology… is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other.
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.
If we are not given the chance to forget, we are also not given the chance to recover our memories, to alter them with time, perspective, and wisdom. Forgetting, we can be ourselves beyond what the past has told us we are; we can evolve. That is the possibility we want from the future.
When you have got an elephant by the hind legs and he is trying to run away, it's best to let him run.
I think that novels that leave out technology misrepresent life as badly as Victorians misrepresented life by leaving out sex.
An invincible determination can accomplish almost anything and in this lies the great distinction between great men and little men.
There are two ways to slide easily through life: to believe everything or to doubt everything; both ways save us from thinking.
Sometimes being a friend means mastering the art of timing. There is a time for silence. A time to let go and allow people to hurl themselves into their own destiny. And a time to prepare to pick up the pieces when it's all over.
A subtle thought that is in error may yet give rise to fruitful inquiry that can establish truths of great value.
Life's challenges are not supposed to paralyze you, they're supposed to help you discover who you are.
A lot of times people look at the negative side of what they feel they can't do. I always look on the positive side of what I can do.
Without passion man is a mere latent force and possibility, like the flint which awaits the shock of the iron before it can give forth its spark.
Edison failed 10,000 times before he made the electric light. Do not be discouraged if you fail a few times.
When it is obvious that the goals cannot be reached, don't adjust the goals, adjust the action steps.
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul; the blueprints of your ultimate achievements.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
The most important thing is transforming our minds, for a new way of thinking, a new outlook: we should strive to develop a new inner world.
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is a mystery. And today? Today is a gift. That is why we call it the present.
Dreams pass into the reality of action. From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living.
Be not angry that you cannot make others as you wish them to be, since you cannot make yourself as you wish to be.
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty.
When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you.
The will to win, the desire to succeed, the urge to reach your full potential... these are the keys that will unlock the door to personal excellence.
Grief can be the garden of compassion. If you keep your heart open through everything, your pain can become your greatest ally in your life's search for love and wisdom.
One machine can do the work of fifty ordinary men. No machine can do the work of one extraordinary man.
Men of perverse opinion do not know the excellence of what is in their hands, till someone dash it from them.
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
One needs something to believe in, something for which one can have whole-hearted enthusiasm. One needs to feel that one's life has meaning, that one is needed in this world.
The happiness of a man in this life does not consist in the absence but in the mastery of his passions.
Each man has his own vocation; his talent is his call. There is one direction in which all space is open to him.
I do not believe in a fate that falls on men however they act; but I do believe in a fate that falls on them unless they act.
It is important to our friends to believe that we are unreservedly frank with them, and important to friendship that we are not.
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
Marriage is the highest state of friendship. If happy, it lessens our cares by dividing them, at the same time that it doubles our pleasures by mutual participation.
Genuine love should first be directed at oneself; if we do not love ourselves, how can we love others?
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen, nor touched... but are felt in the heart.
I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy sitting next to me.
Aerodynamically the bumblebee shouldn't be able to fly, but the bumblebee doesn't know that, so it goes on flying anyway.
Wisdom cannot come by railroad or automobile or airplane or be hurried up by telegraph or telephone.
The most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high, and we miss it, but that it is too low, and we reach it.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much.
Know what's important and what isn't. Have the wisdom to know the right thing to do, the integrity to do it, the character to stand up to those who don't, and the courage to stop those who won't.
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, indignation and compassion.
Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed.
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything.
I have just three things to teach: simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures.
Heedfulness is the path to the Deathless. Heedlessness is the path to death. The heedful die not. The heedless are as if already dead.
Constant kindness can accomplish much. As the sun makes ice melt, kindness causes misunderstanding, mistrust, and hostility to evaporate.
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed.
The important thing is this: to be able at any moment to sacrifice what we are for what we could become.
Man is not sum of what he has already, but rather the sum of what he does not yet have, of what he could have.
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning.
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do.
True silence is the rest of the mind; it is to the spirit what sleep is to the body, nourishment and refreshment.
The past has no power to stop you from being present now. Only your grievance about the past can do that.
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing.
Without this playing with fantasy no creative work has ever yet come to birth. The debt we owe to the play of the imagination is incalculable.
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
Were here for a reason. I believe a bit of the reason is to throw little torches out to lead people through the dark.
If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome.
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, even a blade of grass, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
Do I speak at the right time, or not? Do I speak of facts, or not? Do I speak gently or harshly? Do I speak profitable words or not? Do I speak with a kindly heart, or inwardly malicious?
Friendship with oneself is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world.
If we learn to open our hearts, anyone, including the people who drive us crazy, can be our teacher.
Simply put, you believer that things or people make you unhappy, but this is not accurate. You make yourself unhappy.
The ultimate promise of technology is to make us master of a world that we command by the push of a button.
When you meet someone better than yourself, turn your thoughts to becoming his equal. When you meet someone not as good as you are, look within and examine your own self.
Most of our pocket wisdom is conceived for the use of mediocre people, to discourage them from ambitious attempts, and generally console them in their mediocrity.
He can who thinks he can, and he can't who thinks he can't. This is an inexorable, indisputable law.
It is one of the severest tests of friendship to tell your friend his faults. So to love a man that you cannot bear to see a stain upon him, and to speak painful truth through loving words, that is friendship.
Meditation brings wisdom, lack of meditation leaves ignorance. Know well what leads you forward and what holds you back and choose the path that leads to wisdom.
Our shared values define us more than our differences. And acknowledging those shared values can see us through our challenges today if we have the wisdom to trust in them again.
If A is success in life, then A equals x plus y plus z. Work is x; y is play; and z is keeping your mouth shut.
Two of man's basic needs are to love and to share. Both of these needs are satisfied in greater or lesser degree by friendship.
But what is liberty without wisdom, and without virtue? It is the greatest of all possible evils; for it is folly, vice, and madness, without tuition or restraint.
Love at first sight is easy to understand; it's when two people have been looking at each other for a lifetime that it becomes a miracle.
Bad things are not the worst things that can happen to us. Nothing is the worst thing that can happen to us!
The industrial landscape is already littered with remains of once successful companies that could not adapt their strategic vision to altered conditions of competition.
Forgiveness is that subtle thread that binds both love and friendship. Without forgiveness, you may not even have a child one day.
For every failure, there's an alternative course of action. You just have to find it. When you come to a roadblock, take a detour.
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands.
It is common sense to take a method and try it. If it fails, admit it frankly and try another. But above all, try something.
The moment one gives close attention to anything, it becomes a mysterious, awesome, indescribably magnificent world in itself.
To free us from the expectations of others, to give us back to ourselves... there lies the great, singular power of self-respect.
If there is such a thing as a good marriage, it is because it resembles friendship rather than love.
I seek constantly to improve my manners and graces, for they are the sugar to which all are attracted.
Sometimes I am happy and sometimes not. I am, after all, a human being, you know. And I am glad that we are sometimes happy and sometimes not. You get your wisdom working by having different emotions.
When you dance, your purpose is not to get to a certain place on the floor. It's to enjoy each step along the way.
If you have made mistakes, there is always another chance for you. You may have a fresh start any moment you choose.
In rivers, the water that you touch is the last of what has passed and the first of that which comes; so with present time.
There is no passion to be found playing small - in settling for a life that is less than the one you are capable of living.
Accept the things to which fate binds you and love the people with whom fate brings you together but do so with all your heart.
The greater part of human pain is unnecessary. It is self-created as long as the unobserved mind runs your life.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
A lot of people give up just before theyre about to make it. You know you never know when that next obstacle is going to be the last one.
Love is like a friendship caught on fire. In the beginning a flame, very pretty, often hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. As love grows older, our hearts mature and our love becomes as coals, deep-burning and unquenchable.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy.
We are not animals. We are not a product of what has happened to us in our past. We have the power of choice.
I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise.
The person who makes a success of living is the one who see his goal steadily and aims for it unswervingly. That is dedication.
Do not wait; the time will never be 'just right.' Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.
The first duty of a human being is to assume the right functional relationship to society - more briefly, to find your real job, and do it.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
It is a common experience that a problem difficult at night is resolved in the morning after the committee of sleep has worked on it.
Friendship marks a life even more deeply than love. Love risks degenerating into obsession, friendship is never anything but sharing.
Wisdom is a kind of knowledge. It is knowledge of the nature, career, and consequences of human values.
The real danger is not that computers will begin to think like men, but that men will begin to think like computers.
I am like a falling star who has finally found her place next to another in a lovely constellation, where we will sparkle in the heavens forever.
Friendship is but another name for an alliance with the follies and the misfortunes of others. Our own share of miseries is sufficient: why enter then as volunteers into those of another?
Do the one thing you think you cannot do. Fail at it. Try again. Do better the second time. The only people who never tumble are those who never mount the high wire. This is your moment. Own it.
Only through our connectedness to others can we really know and enhance the self. And only through working on the self can we begin to enhance our connectedness to others.
Judge nothing, you will be happy. Forgive everything, you will be happier. Love everything, you will be happiest.
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.
There are three methods to gaining wisdom. The first is reflection, which is the highest. The second is limitation, which is the easiest. The third is experience, which is the bitterest.
Great indeed is the sublimity of the Creative, to which all beings owe their beginning, and which permeates all heaven.
The greater danger for most of us lies not in setting our aim too high and falling short; but in setting our aim too low and achieving our mark.
No pessimist ever discovered the secrets of the stars, or sailed to an uncharted land, or opened a new heaven to the human spirit.
Flow with whatever is happening and let your mind be free. Stay centered by accepting whatever you are doing. This is the ultimate.
This world, after all our science and sciences, is still a miracle; wonderful, inscrutable, magical and more, to whosoever will think of it.
I decided that it was not wisdom that enabled poets to write their poetry, but a kind of instinct or inspiration, such as you find in seers and prophets who deliver all their sublime messages without knowing in the least what they mean.
If you don't go after what you want, you'll never have it. If you don't ask, the answer is always no. If you don't step forward, you're always in the same place.
If the single man plant himself indomitably on his instincts, and there abide, the huge world will come round to him.
Sorrow is knowledge, those that know the most must mourn the deepest, the tree of knowledge is not the tree of life.
By living deeply in the present moment we can understand the past better and we can prepare for a better future.
But friendship is precious, not only in the shade, but in the sunshine of life, and thanks to a benevolent arrangement the greater part of life is sunshine.
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less.
Sweet is the memory of distant friends! Like the mellow rays of the departing sun, it falls tenderly, yet sadly, on the heart.
Intuition is the supra-logic that cuts out all the routine processes of thought and leaps straight from the problem to the answer.
Just as a flower, which seems beautiful has color but no perfume, so are the fruitless words of a man who speaks them but does them not.
We must be as courteous to a man as we are to a picture, which we are willing to give the advantage of a good light.
And when the world is created, it is created in such a way that those eternal objects of God's loving wisdom become actualities - interacting with one another, relating to God in the finite realm.
Let us be grateful to people who make us happy; they are the charming gardeners who make our souls blossom.
False friendship, like the ivy, decays and ruins the walls it embraces; but true friendship gives new life and animation to the object it supports.
With every experience, you alone are painting your own canvas, thought by thought, choice by choice.
If we have a positive mental attitude, then even when surrounded by hostility, we shall not lack inner peace.
Face your deficiencies and acknowledge them; but do not let them master you. Let them teach you patience, sweetness, insight.
The happiness that is genuinely satisfying is accompanied by the fullest exercise of our faculties and the fullest realization of the world in which we live.
Rock n' roll as a genre is different from pop and hip hop: it is about bands, and that for me suggests brotherhood, family, friendship and community.
I'm astounded by people who want to 'know' the universe when it's hard enough to find your way around Chinatown.
When one door of happiness closes, another opens; but often we look so long at the closed door that we do not see the one which has been opened for us.
This is the whole point of technology. It creates an appetite for immortality on the one hand. It threatens universal extinction on the other. Technology is lust removed from nature.
Knowledge is going to make you stronger. Knowledge is going to let you control your life. Knowledge is going to give you the wisdom to teach their children. Knowledge is the thing that makes you smile in the face of disaster.
Four steps to achievement: Plan purposefully. Prepare prayerfully. Proceed positively. Pursue persistently.
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
It is not the possession of truth, but the success which attends the seeking after it, that enriches the seeker and brings happiness to him.
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road.
The difference between what we do and what we are capable of doing would suffice to solve most of the world's problems.
He that never changes his opinions, never corrects his mistakes, and will never be wiser on the morrow than he is today.
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
When a friend is in trouble, don't annoy him by asking if there is anything you can do. Think up something appropriate and do it.
When we quit thinking primarily about ourselves and our own self-preservation, we undergo a truly heroic transformation of consciousness.
Whenever you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth.
To give oneself earnestly to the duties due to men, and, while respecting spiritual beings, to keep aloof from them, may be called wisdom.
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future, too.
There are two primary choices in life: to accept conditions as they exist or accept responsibility for changing them.
Let the future tell the truth and evaluate each one according to his work and accomplishments. The present is theirs; the future, for which I have really worked, is mine.
There is never enough time to do everything, but there is always enough time to do the most important thing.
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity.
Let us revere, let us worship, but erect and open-eyed, the highest, not the lowest; the future, not the past!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
The most precious gift we can offer anyone is our attention. When mindfulness embraces those we love, they will bloom like flowers.
You are not here merely to make a living. You are here in order to enable the world to live more amply, with greater vision, with a finer spirit of hope and achievement. You are here to enrich the world, and you impoverish yourself if you forget the errand.
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one, I hope someday you will join us, and the world will live as one.
When you are offended at any man's fault, turn to yourself and study your own failings. Then you will forget your anger.
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far.
I have been impressed with the urgency of doing. Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Being willing is not enough; we must do.
We must overcome the notion that we must be regular. It robs you of the chance to be extraordinary and leads you to the mediocre.
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech.
The greatest discovery of our generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. As you think, so shall you be.
The world has the habit of making room for the man whose actions show that he knows where he is going.
All great men are gifted with intuition. They know without reasoning or analysis, what they need to know.
He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not but rejoices for those which he has.
Instead of saying that man is the creature of circumstance, it would be nearer the mark to say that man is the architect of circumstance.
A monarchy conducted with infinite wisdom and infinite benevolence is the most perfect of all possible governments.
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present.
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship.
The beginning of wisdom is found in doubting; by doubting we come to the question, and by seeking we may come upon the truth.
Adversity has the effect of eliciting talents, which in prosperous circumstances would have lain dormant.
Nothing could be worse than the fear that one had given up too soon and left one unexpended effort that might have saved the world.
All our knowledge begins with the senses, proceeds then to the understanding, and ends with reason. There is nothing higher than reason.
A passion for politics stems usually from an insatiable need, either for power, or for friendship and adulation, or a combination of both.
There is only one way to happiness and that is to cease worrying about things which are beyond the power of our will.
Moral excellence comes about as a result of habit. We become just by doing just acts, temperate by doing temperate acts, brave by doing brave acts.
A heart well prepared for adversity in bad times hopes, and in good times fears for a change in fortune.
I look forward to a great future for America - a future in which our country will match its military strength with our moral restraint, its wealth with our wisdom, its power with our purpose.
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day. Teach him how to fish and you feed him for a lifetime.
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
People take different roads seeking fulfilment and happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost.
If one is estranged from oneself, then one is estranged from others too. If one is out of touch with oneself, then one cannot touch others.
It isn't what happens to us that causes us to suffer; it's what we say to ourselves about what happens.
The highest stage in moral culture at which we can arrive is when we recognize that we ought to control our thoughts.
It seemed the world was divided into good and bad people. The good ones slept better... while the bad ones seemed to enjoy the waking hours much more.
Democracy's premise rests on the notion that the collective wisdom of the majority will prove right more often than it's wrong; that given sufficient opportunity in the pursuit of happiness, your population will develop its talents, its intellect, its better judgment; that over time its capacity for discernment and self-correction will be enlarged.
Let go of your attachment to being right, and suddenly your mind is more open. You're able to benefit from the unique viewpoints of others, without being crippled by your own judgement.
A dream is your creative vision for your life in the future. You must break out of your current comfort zone and become comfortable with the unfamiliar and the unknown.
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary.
I love my past. I love my present. I'm not ashamed of what I've had, and I'm not sad because I have it no longer.
You learn to speak by speaking, to study by studying, to run by running, to work by working; in just the same way, you learn to love by loving.
Chance is always powerful. Let your hook be always cast; in the pool where you least expect it, there will be a fish.
The person who lives life fully, glowing with life's energy, is the person who lives a successful life.
Everyone in the world ought to do the things for which he is specially adapted. It is the part of wisdom to recognize what each one of us is best fitted for, and it is the part of education to perfect and utilize such predispositions. Because education can direct and aid nature but can never transform her.
Pain and foolishness lead to great bliss and complete knowledge, for Eternal Wisdom created nothing under the sun in vain.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live.
Let us resolve to be masters, not the victims, of our history, controlling our own destiny without giving way to blind suspicions and emotions.
Do not be embarrassed by your mistakes. Nothing can teach us better than our understanding of them. This is one of the best ways of self-education.
Wisdom is nothing but a preparation of the soul, a capacity, a secret art of thinking, feeling and breathing thoughts of unity at every moment of life.
When we feel love and kindness toward others, it not only makes others feel loved and cared for, but it helps us also to develop inner happiness and peace.
I will love the light for it shows me the way, yet I will endure the darkness because it shows me the stars.
As a technology, the book is like a hammer. That is to say, it is perfect: a tool ideally suited to its task. Hammers can be tweaked and varied but will never go obsolete. Even when builders pound nails by the thousand with pneumatic nail guns, every household needs a hammer.
The greatest good you can do for another is not just share your riches but reveal to them their own.
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
Friendship is almost always the union of a part of one mind with the part of another; people are friends in spots.
Make it a rule of life never to regret and never to look back. Regret is an appalling waste of energy; you can't build on it; it's only for wallowing in.
To go against the dominant thinking of your friends, of most of the people you see every day, is perhaps the most difficult act of heroism you can perform.
Excellence, then, is a state concerned with choice, lying in a mean, relative to us, this being determined by reason and in the way in which the man of practical wisdom would determine it.
We should not judge people by their peak of excellence; but by the distance they have traveled from the point where they started.
By going beyond your own problems and taking care of others, you gain inner strength, self-confidence, courage, and a greater sense of calm.
An optimist is a person who sees a green light everywhere, while the pessimist sees only the red spotlight... The truly wise person is color-blind.
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.
There is no scarcity of opportunity to make a living at what you love; there's only scarcity of resolve to make it happen.
As you walk in God's divine wisdom, you will surely begin to see a greater measure of victory and good success in your life.
No distance of place or lapse of time can lessen the friendship of those who are thoroughly persuaded of each other's worth.
The smallest flower is a thought, a life answering to some feature of the Great Whole, of whom they have a persistent intuition.
Friendship is also about liking a person for their failings, their weakness. It's also about mutual help, not about exploitation.
Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else. Judge everyone and everything for yourself.
Never tell people how to do things. Tell them what to do and they will surprise you with their ingenuity.
All our talents increase in the using, and every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
All our talents increase in the using, and every faculty, both good and bad, strengthen by exercise.
What is past is left behind. The future is yet unreached. Whatever quality is present, clearly see it right there.
What is new in the world? Nothing. What is old in the world? Nothing. Everything has always been and will always be.
The grand essentials of happiness are: something to do, something to love, and something to hope for.
It may happen sometimes that a long debate becomes the cause of a longer friendship. Commonly, those who dispute with one another at last agree.
I endeavor to be wise when I cannot be merry, easy when I cannot be glad, content with what cannot be mended and patient when there is no redress.
There are basically two types of people. People who accomplish things, and people who claim to have accomplished things. The first group is less crowded.
And I love that even in the toughest moments, when we're all sweating it - when we're worried that the bill won't pass, and it seems like all is lost - Barack never lets himself get distracted by the chatter and the noise. Just like his grandmother, he just keeps getting up and moving forward... with patience and wisdom, and courage and grace.
A man may fulfil the object of his existence by asking a question he cannot answer and attempting a task he cannot achieve.
Each friend represents a world in us, a world not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
The first requisite for success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem incessantly without growing weary.
Your vision will become clear only when you look into your heart. Who looks outside, dreams. Who looks inside, awakens.
Be Impeccable with Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Follow effective action with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.
Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world.
I believe that a simple and unassuming manner of life is best for everyone, best both for the body and the mind.
Wise kings generally have wise counselors; and he must be a wise man himself who is capable of distinguishing one.
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
I will not be concerned at other men's not knowing me; I will be concerned at my own want of ability.
Happiness cannot be travelled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace and gratitude.
He who learns must suffer. And even in our sleep pain that cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, and in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom to us by the awful grace of God.
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails.
Friendship improves happiness and abates misery, by the doubling of our joy and the dividing of our grief.
Don't turn away from possible futures before you're certain you don't have anything to learn from them.
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius.
Wherever a man may happen to turn, whatever a man may undertake, he will always end up by returning to the path which nature has marked out for him.
A true friend is the most precious of all possessions and the one we take the least thought about acquiring.
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.
Strong people make as many mistakes as weak people. Difference is that strong people admit their mistakes, laugh at them, learn from them. That is how they become strong.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish.
By letting it go it all gets done. The world is won by those who let it go. But when you try and try. The world is beyond the winning.
Bodily exercise, when compulsory, does no harm to the body; but knowledge which is acquired under compulsion obtains no hold on the mind.
One friend in a lifetime is much; two are many; three are hardly possible. Friendship needs a certain parallelism of life, a community of thought, a rivalry of aim.
Something opens our wings. Something makes boredom and hurt disappear. Someone fills the cup in front of us: We taste only sacredness.
Avoid having your ego so close to your position that when your position falls, your ego goes with it.
The key to wisdom is this - constant and frequent questioning, for by doubting we are led to question and by questioning we arrive at the truth.
Know that although in the eternal scheme of things you are small, you are also unique and irreplaceable, as are all your fellow humans everywhere in the world.
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the Master calls the butterfly.
All perceiving is also thinking, all reasoning is also intuition, all observation is also invention.
Although there may be tragedy in your life, there's always a possibility to triumph. It doesn't matter who you are, where you come from. The ability to triumph begins with you. Always.
It is time to remember that old wisdom our soldiers will never forget: that whether we are black or brown or white, we all bleed the same red blood of patriots, we all enjoy the same glorious freedoms, and we all salute the same great American Flag.
It is impossible to escape the impression that people commonly use false standards of measurement — that they seek power, success and wealth for themselves and admire them in others, and that they underestimate what is of true value in life.
In dwelling, live close to the ground. In thinking, keep to the simple. In conflict, be fair and generous. In governing, don't try to control. In work, do what you enjoy. In family life, be completely present.
All difficult things have their origin in that which is easy, and great things in that which is small.
If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Excellence is not an exception; it is a prevailing attitude.
The older I get the more wisdom I find in the ancient rule of taking first things first. A process which often reduces the most complex human problem to a manageable proportion.
All men have a sweetness in their life. That is what helps them go on. It is towards that they turn when they feel too worn out.
When you discover your mission, you will feel its demand. It will fill you with enthusiasm and a burning desire to get to work on it.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
You will never be happy if you continue to search for what happiness consists of. You will never live if you are looking for the meaning of life.
Life is a gift, and it offers us the privilege, opportunity, and responsibility to give something back by becoming more
True happiness arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of oneself, and in the next, from the friendship and conversation of a few select companions.
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want.
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us.
Interestingly, according to modern astronomers, space is finite. This is a very comforting thought-- particularly for people who can never remember where they have left things.
I have an everyday religion that works for me. Love yourself first, and everything else falls into line.
Peace is not something you wish for. It's something you make, something you do, something you are, and something you give away.
To make no mistakes is not in the power of man; but from their errors and mistakes the wise and good learn wisdom for the future.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
I cannot give you the formula for success, but I can give you the formula for failure: which is: Try to please everybody.
What we think determines what happens to us, so if we want to change our lives, we need to stretch our minds.
Do not be too timid and squeamish about your reactions. All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make the better.
The strong bond of friendship is not always a balanced equation; friendship is not always about giving and taking in equal shares. Instead, friendship is grounded in a feeling that you know exactly who will be there for you when you need something, no matter what or when.
People usually compare the computer to the head of the human being. I would say that hardware is the bone of the head, the skull. The semiconductor is the brain within the head. The software is the wisdom. And data is the knowledge.
There are two kinds of failures: those who thought and never did, and those who did and never thought.
Look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Try to make sense of what you see, and wonder about what makes the universe exist. Be curious.
To have much learning and skill, to be well-trained in discipline, and good in speech — this is the highest blessing.
Never make friends with people who are above or below you in status. Such friendships will never give you any happiness.
I define friendship as a bond that transcends all barriers. When you are ready to expect anything and everything from friends, good, bad or ugly... that's what I call true friendship.
Happiness does not come about only due to external circumstances; it mainly derives from inner attitudes.
Friendship is a strong and habitual inclination in two persons to promote the good and happiness of one another.
Appreciation is the highest form of prayer, for it acknowledges the presence of good wherever you shine the light of your thankful thoughts.
Knowledge has three degrees: opinion, science, illumination. The means or instrument of the first is sense; of the second, dialectic; of the third, intuition.
Meditation is the dissolution of thoughts in eternal awareness or Pure consciousness without objectification, knowing without thinking, merging finitude in infinity.
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day.
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her.
I don't need a friend who changes when I change and who nods when I nod; my shadow does that much better.
Science investigates; religion interprets. Science gives man knowledge which is power; religion gives man wisdom which is control.
When written in Chinese, the word 'crisis' is composed of two characters. One represents danger and the other represents opportunity.
When you see a man of worth, think of how you may emulate him. When you see one who is unworthy, examine yourself.
When I dare to be powerful, to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.
Happiness is as a butterfly which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no hope at all.
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.
By nature, man hates change; seldom will he quit his old home till it has actually fallen around his ears.
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. The third is to be kind.
You can only learn so much from books. You can only learn so much from education. Ultimately, it is the wisdom of God that will carry you through in the toughest situations of life.
True happiness means forging a strong spirit that is undefeated, no matter how trying our circumstances.
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do.
A youth, when at home, should be filial and, abroad, respectful to his elders. He should be earnest and truthful. He should overflow in love to all and cultivate the friendship of the good. When he has time and opportunity, after the performance of these things, he should employ them in polite studies.
Neatness begets order; but from order to taste there is the same difference as from taste to genius, or from love to friendship.
Everyone has been made for some particular work, and the desire for that work has been put in every heart.
All that is necessary is to accept the impossible, do without the indispensable, and bear the intolerable.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen.
The three great essentials to achieve anything worthwhile are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense.
Can miles truly separate you from friends... If you want to be with someone you love, aren't you already there?
If you were to offer a thirsty man all wisdom, you would not please him more than if you gave him a drink.
We need to find the courage to say NO to the things and people that are not serving us if we want to rediscover ourselves and live our lives with authenticity.
Leaders aren't born they are made. And they are made just like anything else, through hard work. And that's the price we'll have to pay to achieve that goal, or any goal.
